?How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
By analyzing the difference between a previously working file and a new
 file, we were able to ignore all parts of the file that were the same
and thus were not part of the problem.

?How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Analysis of quick changes can help isolate problems or improvements
no lost time poring through code to find where a difference is

?What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

pros-commits are logical and it's easier to sift through them
cons- may forget to make commits, not all changes are logged
between running the program so it may be difficult to see
exactly where a new error is coming from.

?Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Google Docs wasn't created with file interaction in mind. Each file is intended to stand alone. Git is more designed as a change monitoring system for interdependent parts of a larger goal/system/idea.

?How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files??

git log gives you a log of what commits have been made and git diff gives you the difference between 2 specific commits

?How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Even though I'm making changes, it's in a branch so it's not really messing around with the master file that I already have.

don't use hard reset ever-reflection

I only lost a line or so from this text file, but let this be a lesson that using hard reset --hard is just a bad idea.
I'm not even sure why they taught it to us.
e.g. I was "100%" sure the most updated vs of this file was commited so after accidently adding a lesson 2 reflection to this file, I --hard reset.
Turns out I HAD added lesson 1 reflections or maybe even a lesson 2 reflection to the lesson 1 file and didn't commit.

One more time

NEVER USE git reset --hard.... EVER... in life

For the record, i think I had written something about how the git system is clearly intimidating, but there's obviously a vital purpose it serves.

Also, be wary changes won't be picked up unless the file has been SAVED. Git's great, but it's not psychic.
